::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::“THE ADVENTURER”::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
I change during the course of a day. I wake and I’m one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I’m somebody else.
ADVENTURER personality types are true artists, but not necessarily in the typical sense where they’re out painting happy little trees. Often enough though, they are perfectly capable of this. Rather, it’s that they use aesthetics, design and even their choices and actions to push the limits of social convention. !
ADVENTURER PERSONALITY:
Happy to Be Who They Are
ADVENTURERs live in a colorful, sensual world, inspired by connections with people and ideas. ADVENTURER personalities take joy in reinterpreting these connections, reinventing and experimenting with both themselves and new perspectives. No other type explores and experiments in this way more. This ADVENTURERs always know just the compliment to soften a heart that’s getting ready to call their risks irresponsible or reckless.!However, if a criticism does get through, it can end poorly. Some ADVENTURERs can handle kindly phrased commentary, valuing it as another perspective to help push their passions in new directions. !If these goals and principles are noble, ADVENTURERs can act with amazing charity and selflessness – but it can also happen that people with the ADVENTURER personality type establish a more self-centered identity, acting with selfishness, manipulation and egoism. It’s important for ADVENTURERs to remember to actively become the person they want to be. Developing and maintaining a new habit may not come naturally, but taking the time each day to understand their motivations allows ADVENTURERs to use their strengths to pursue whatever they’ve come to love.!
CAREERS THAT BEST SUITS YOU:
ADVENTURER CAREERS
When it comes to the career world, ADVENTURERs need more than just a job. Wealth, power, structure, advancement and security are all lesser goals to ADVENTURER personalities’ greatest need: creative freedom. ADVENTURERs crave a tangible outlet for their imagination, a chance to express themselves! 
People with the ADVENTURER personality type are passionate experimenters, and whether they’re aware of it or not, they are renowned trendsetters. With their unique perspective and simple desire to be themselves, ADVENTURERs are natural artists, musicians and photographers, as well as designers of all stripes. Setting up shop on websites like Etsy is far more alluring to ADVENTURERs than the confines of 9-5 administrative work in some fluorescent 
!ADVENTURERs loathe sitting idle in colorless, unchanging environments. They are free souls and need flexibility, opportunities for improvisation, and immersive work that engages every sense. If they combine these needs with their competitive nature, ADVENTURER personalities make great solo 
An easier route revolves around freelance and consulting work in just about any industry that ADVENTURERs enjoy. Whether organizing charity events, working with hospitals to make patients’ stays more pleasant, or laying stone to help make a house a home, ADVENTURERs always seem to find a way to make the world a little more beautiful and exciting, and to make a living in the process.!
ADVENTURER STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES
ADVENTURER strengths
Charming – People with the ADVENTURER personality type are relaxed and warm, and their “live and let live” attitude naturally makes them likable and popular.
Sensitive to Others – ADVENTURERs easily relate to others’ emotions, helping them to establish harmony and good will, and minimize conflict.
Imaginative – Being so aware of others’ emotions, ADVENTURER personalities use creativity and insight to craft bold ideas that speak to people’s hearts. While it’s hard to explain this quality on a resume, this vivid imagination and exploratory spirit help ADVENTURERs in unexpected ways.!
Passionate – Beneath ADVENTURERs’ quiet shyness beats an intensely feeling heart. When people with this personality type are caught up in something exciting and interesting, they can leave everything else in the dust.
Curious – Ideas are well and good, but ADVENTURERs need to see and explore for themselves whether their ideas ring true. Work revolving around the sciences may seem a poor match for their traits, but a boldly artistic and humanistic vision is often exactly what research needs to move forward – if ADVENTURERs are given the freedom they need to do so.!
Artistic – ADVENTURERs are able to show their creativity in tangible ways and with stunning beauty. Whether writing a song, painting an emotion, or presenting a statistic in a graph, ADVENTURERs have a way of visualizing things that resonates with their audience.
ADVENTURER Weakness
Fiercely Independent – Freedom of expression is often ADVENTURERs’ top priority. Anything that interferes with that, like traditions and hard rules, creates a sense of oppression for ADVENTURER personalities. This can make more rigidly structured academics and work a challenge.!
Unpredictable – ADVENTURERs’ dislike long-term commitments and plans. The tendency to actively avoid planning for the future can cause strain in ADVENTURERs’ romantic relationships and financial hardship later in life.
Easily Stressed – ADVENTURERs live in the present, full of emotion. When situations get out of control, people with this personality type (especially Turbulent ones) can shut down, losing their characteristic charm and creativity in favor of gnashing teeth.
Overly Competitive – ADVENTURERs can escalate small things into intense competitions, turning down long-term success in their search for glory in the moment, and are unhappy when they lose.!
Fluctuating Self-Esteem – It’s demanded that skills be quantified, but that’s hard to do with ADVENTURERs’ strengths of sensitivity and artistry. ADVENTURERs’ efforts are often dismissed, a hurtful and damaging blow, especially early in life. ADVENTURERs can start to believe the naysayers without strong support.
ADVENTURER RELATIONSHIPS!
ADVENTURERs are quite mysterious and difficult to get to know. While very emotional individuals, they guard this sensitive core carefully, preferring to listen than to express. People with the ADVENTURER personality type focus instead on their partners, with little interest in dictating the mood of a situation with their own feelings. While this can sometimes be frustrating, if they are accepted for who they are, ADVENTURERs prove to be warm, enthusiastic partners.!
As their relationships grow, ADVENTURERs’ partners come to find vibrancy and spontaneity to be par for the course. ADVENTURERs may not be great long-term planners, preferring to let their partners take the lead when it comes to logic and strategy, but they almost never run out of things to do in the 
It’s important for their partners to make it clear that this love and attention is valued. ADVENTURERs would never ask for such thanks, but it can really hurt their feelings if they don’t hear it. Such expressions don’t have to be verbal – ADVENTURERs believe in actions, not words – but it’s crucial that they know their feelings are shared. On the other side of the spectrum, there are few types more vulnerable to criticism and conflict, and it’s necessary to provide a certain level of emotional support.!
If they do feel appreciated, ADVENTURERs are more than happy to reciprocate in any way they know how. People with the ADVENTURER personality type are very sensual, and in no aspect of their lives is this clearer than in their sex lives. Intimacy is an opportunity for ADVENTURERs to satisfy their partners, and they involve every sense available in enjoying these moments. ADVENTURERs may be shy in public, but alone with a partner they trust, the masks come off – few people get to see this side, and it’s always a pleasant surprise.!
Love From the Soul
Feelings and emotions underpin every aspect of ADVENTURERs’ relationships, alongside not just a tendency towards, but a need for, fresh possibilities. ADVENTURER personalities are not to be forced into anything, and rushing long-term commitments is a sure way to scare them off. If ADVENTURERs can’t 
ADVENTURER FRIENDS
In friendship, ADVENTURERs are some of the most comfortable people around. Laid back and spontaneous, people with the ADVENTURER personality type won’t bog things down with arguments or structured long-term plans. Intellectually exhausting pastimes like debates over European economic policy won’t hold their attention long. The here-and-now is what’s important to ADVENTURERs, and they love spending time with their friends doing casual, fun! 
ADVENTURER personalities believe in actions, not words. They talk about what is, not what could, should or will be, and then they actually do it. This passion for action is a blessing for ADVENTURERs, since it helps them get past their shyness in meeting new people. ADVENTURERs are sensitive, much more so than most, and it takes time to build enough trust with new friends to open up and feel natural.!
If their friends keep things supportive and easy-going, ADVENTURERs are happy to return the favor with added warmth and laughter. When they’re with friends they trust, ADVENTURERs know how to relax, shedding rules, traditions and expectations in favor of just enjoying themselves.
ADVENTURERs’ relaxed, non-judgmental attitudes make it easy for them to get along with others, but it’s not always the same way around.
Lots of personal space and freedom are essential to ADVENTURER personalities, and it’s often other Explorer types, who share their "live and let live" worldview and joy in actually doing things, that gravitate towards ADVENTURERs. There’s really no better friend than ADVENTURERs for dropping the pretenses and enjoying low-stress fun.!
famous personalities like you:MICHAEL JACKSON,KELVIN COSTNER.!