::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::“THE DEBATER”::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the dangers of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of ’crack-pot’ than the stigma of conformity. And on issues that seem important to you, stand up and be counted at any cost.!
BRAIN TRACY
The DEBATER personality type is the ultimate devil’s advocate, thriving on the process of shredding arguments and beliefs and letting the ribbons drift in the wind for all to see. Unlike their more determined Judging (J) counterparts, DEBATERs don’t do this because they are trying to achieve some deeper purpose or strategic goal! but for the simple reason that it’s fun. No one loves the process of mental sparring more than DEBATERs as it gives them a chance to exercise their effortlessly quick wit, broad accumulated knowledge base, and capacity for connecting disparate ideas to prove their points.!

DEBATER personality:
There Are no Rules Here – We’re Trying to Accomplish Something!DEBATERs enjoy the mental exercise found in questioning the prevailing mode of thought, making them irreplaceable in reworking existing systems or shaking things up and pushing them in clever new directions. DEBATER personalities love to brainstorm and think big, but they will avoid getting caught doing the "grunt work" at all costs. DEBATERs only make up about three percent of the population, which is just right, as it lets them create original ideas, then step back to let more numerous and fastidious personalities handle the logistics of implementation and maintenance.!¬¬¬.Once they’ve secured such a position, DEBATERs need to remember that for their ideas to come to fruition, they will always depend on others to assemble the pieces – if they’ve spent more time "winning" arguments than they have building consensus, many DEBATERs will find they simply don’t have the support necessary to be successful.! Playing devil’s advocate so well, people with this personality type may find that the most complex and rewarding intellectual challenge is to understand a more sentimental perspective, and to argue consideration and compromise alongside logic and progress.!
CAREERS THAT SUITS YOU BEST:
DEBATER CAREERS
In the world of careers, DEBATERs have the benefit of being naturally engaged and interested in being productive and helpful. But rather than the sort of people-oriented helpfulness that Diplomats bring to the table, DEBATER personalities are focused on developing solutions to interesting and diverse technical and intellectual problems. DEBATERs are a versatile personality type, and while it may take time for them to get to a point where they can fully utilize their skillset and qualities, they are likely to find that those qualities translate well into pretty much any career that so much as piques their interest.!
Not every career allows this level of unbridled brainpower, but there are those that demand nothing but: entrepreneurship, engineering, even acting and photography. So long as DEBATERs are honest with themselves about their strengths and weaknesses, they can thrive in most any career that is in need of a new line of thinking.
DEBATER careers
The Value of an Idea Lies in the Using of It
The best careers reward intellectual competency and curiosity, allowing DEBATERs to utilize their never-ending flow of ideas productively by affording a degree of spontaneity in how they engage their intellectual pursuits. People with the DEBATER personality type value knowledge, rational thought and insight very highly, and they make brilliant lawyers, psychologists, systems analysts and scientists.! It’s even possible for DEBATERs to thrive as sales representatives, as they rationalize purchase decisions that may otherwise seem discretionary – so long as their managers know to give them the space they need to work their magic.

DEBATER STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES
DEBATER Strengths
DEBATER strengths
Knowledgeable – DEBATERs rarely pass up a good opportunity to learn something new, especially abstract concepts. This information isn’t usually absorbed for any planned purpose as with dedicated studying, people with the DEBATER personality type just find it fascinating.
Quick Thinkers – DEBATERs have tremendously flexible minds, and are able to shift from idea to idea without effort, drawing on their accumulated knowledge to prove their points, or their opponents’, as they see fit.!
Original – Having little attachment to tradition, DEBATER personalities are able to discard existing systems and methods and pull together disparate ideas from their extensive knowledge base, with a little raw creativity to hold them together, to formulate bold new ideas. If presented with chronic, systemic problems and given rein to solve them, DEBATERs respond with unabashed glee.
Excellent Brainstormers – Nothing is quite as enjoyable to DEBATERs as analyzing problems from every angle to find the best solutions. Combining their knowledge and originality to splay out every aspect of the subject at hand, rejecting without remorse options that don’t work and presenting ever more possibilities, DEBATERs are irreplaceable in brainstorming sessions.!
Charismatic – People with the DEBATER personality type have a way with words and wit that others find intriguing. Their confidence, quick thought and ability to connect disparate ideas in novel ways create a style of communication that is charming, even entertaining, and informative at the same time.
Energetic – When given a chance to combine these traits to examine an interesting problem, DEBATERs can be truly impressive in their enthusiasm and energy, having no qualms with putting in long days and nights to find a solution.
DEBATER Weaknesses!
DEBATER weaknesses
Very Argumentative – If there’s anything DEBATERs enjoy, it’s the mental exercise of debating an idea, and nothing is sacred. More consensus-oriented personality types rarely appreciate the vigor with which DEBATER personalities tear down their beliefs and methods, leading to a great deal of tension.
Insensitive – Being so rational, DEBATERs often misjudge others feelings and push their debates well past others’ tolerance levels. People with this personality type don’t really consider emotional points to be valid in such debates either, which magnifies the issue tremendously.
Intolerant – Unless people are able to back up their ideas in a round of mental sparring, DEBATERs are likely to dismiss not just the ideas but the people themselves. Either a suggestion can stand up to rational scrutiny or it’s not worth bothering with.!
Can Find It Difficult to Focus – The same flexibility that allows DEBATERs to come up with such original plans and ideas makes them readapt perfectly good ones far too often, or to even drop them entirely as the initial excitement wanes and newer thoughts come along. Boredom comes too easily for DEBATERs, and fresh thoughts are the solution, though not always a helpful one.
Dislike Practical Matters – DEBATERs are interested in what could be – malleable concepts like ideas and plans that can be adapted and debated. When it comes to hard details and day-to-day execution where creative flair isn’t just unnecessary but actually counter-productive, DEBATER personalities lose interest, often with the consequence of their plans never seeing the light of day.!
DEBATER RELATIONSHIPS
If there’s one thing DEBATERs are good at, it’s coming up with a never-ending stream of innovations and ideas to keep things moving forward, and this is evident in their romantic relationships as well. For people with the DEBATER personality type growth is key, and even before they’ve found a dating partner, they imagine all the ways that they can experience new things together, to grow in tandem. This can be an overwhelming process if their partner doesn’t match up, but when DEBATERs find someone who shares their love of intellectual exploration, watch out.!
DEBATER romantic relationships
Genius Is One Percent Inspiration and Ninety-Nine Percent Perspiration
DEBATERs’ desire to improve in this department makes them fantastic partners when the relationship reaches that point, but their attitude towards this process is also evidence of their most glaring shortcoming – their emotional obliviousness. While DEBATERs are more open-minded than other Analysts about others’ perspectives, they are also more likely to express their disdain for such things as emotional sensitivity in cuttingly well-phrased and clear terms, easily hurting their partners’ feelings without realizing it. DEBATER personalities may even ignore their partners’ feelings altogether, instead immersing themselves entirely in some distant idea or opportunity, inaccessible.!

DEBATER FRIENDS
Loyalty, support, emotional feedback – these are not what DEBATERs look for in their friendships. The last thing people with the DEBATER personality type want to hear is "you’re right", not unless they have absolutely earned the distinction in a heated round of intellectual debate. If they’re wrong, DEBATERs want to be told so, and they want every detail of the faults in their logic to be laid bare, partly in their quest for oftentimes arbitrary truth, and partly just so they have to work to defend that logic with counterpoint and parry.!
DEBATERs are actually remarkably good at communicating with friends and acquaintances of other personality types. Their natural tendency to argue as effectively as possible means that DEBATERs are accustomed to communicating in other people’s language and frame of reference, and this translates well into normal conversation. Where people with the DEBATER personality type do have difficulty relating to others is in emotional expression, the Achilles’ heel of all Analyst types.!
famous personalities like you:mARK TWAIN ,THOMAS ALVA EDISON!
