:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::THE DEFENDER::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others.
BRAIN TRACY
The DEFENDER personality type is quite unique, as many of their qualities defy the definition of their individual traits. Though possessing the Feeling trait, DEFENDERs have excellent analytical abilities; though Introverted, they have well-developed people skills. Though they are a Judging type, DEFENDERs are often receptive to change and new ideas. As with so many things, people with the DEFENDER personality type are more than the sum of their parts, and it is the way they use these strengths that defines who they are.!
DEFENDERs are true altruists, meeting kindness with kindness-in-excess and engaging the work and people they believe in with enthusiasm and generosity. There’s hardly a better type to make up such a large proportion of the population, nearly 13%. Combining the best of tradition and the desire to do good, DEFENDERs are found in lines of work with a sense of history behind them, such as medicine, academics and charitable social work.!

DEFENDER personality:
DEFENDER personalities (especially Turbulent ones) are often meticulous to the point of perfectionism, and though they procrastinate, they can always be relied on to get the job done on time. DEFENDERs take their responsibilities personally, consistently going above and beyond, doing everything they can to exceed expectations and delight others, at work and at home.
We Must Be Seen to Be Believed.!
DEFENDER personalities are a wonderful group, rarely sitting idle while a worthy cause remains unfinished. Defenders’ ability to connect with others on an intimate level is unrivaled among Introverts, and the joy they experience in using those connections to maintain a supportive, happy family is a gift for everyone involved. They may never be truly comfortable in the spotlight, and may feel guilty taking due credit for team efforts, but if they can ensure that their efforts are recognized, DEFENDERs are likely to feel a level of satisfaction in what they do that many other personality types can only dream of.!
CAREERS THAT SUITS YOU BEST:
 DEFENDER careers:
DEFENDERS are best natural counselors, technical support, and interior designers, where they are able to help others one-on-one without having to worry about corporate politics.However, DEFENDERs are unlikely to actively seek out managerial positions.DEFENDER personalities prefer to be rewarded by seeing first-hand the positive impact of their efforts, and will remain enthusiastic simply knowing that what they do is genuinely appreciated by the people they care for. 
Live Pleasantly and Do Good.!
It is no surprise that many DEFENDERs are not just good at supporting their co-workers and customers in human resources and support positions, they genuinely enjoy it, as it gives them the chance to calm frustrations, see things through to a practical solution, and to be thanked, appreciated, at the close of each ordeal.
Be Humble and Earnest.!
DEFENDERs are skilled at remembering things about others which makes them not only valuable assistants, but well-liked colleagues. People with the DEFENDER personality type can always be counted on to remember a birthday, a graduation, or simply a frequent customers’ name, and that can make all the difference. Add to these amiable qualities DEFENDERs’ meticulousness, hard work and dedication, and it’s no surprise that their careers often progress smoothly, with few of the ups and downs that accompany more high-flying types.!
DEFENDER STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES:
 DEFENDER strengths:
Supportive – DEFENDERs are the universal helpers, sharing their knowledge, experience, time and energy with anyone who needs it, and all the more so with friends and family. People with this personality type strive for win-win situations, choosing empathy over judgment whenever possible.!
Reliable and Patient – Rather than offering sporadic, excited rushes that leave things half finished, DEFENDERs are meticulous and careful, taking a steady approach and bending with the needs of the situation just enough to accomplish their end goals. DEFENDERs not only ensure that things are done to the highest standard, but often go well beyond what is required.!
Imaginative and Observant – DEFENDERs are very imaginative, and use this quality as an accessory to empathy, observing others’ emotional states and seeing things from their perspective. With their feet firmly planted on the ground, it is a very practical imagination, though they do find things quite fascinating and inspiring.!
Enthusiastic – When the goal is right, DEFENDERs take all this support, reliability and imagination and apply it to something they believe will make a difference in people’s lives – whether fighting poverty with a global initiative or simply making a customer’s day.!
Loyal and Hard-Working – Given a little time, this enthusiasm grows into loyalty – DEFENDER personalities often form an emotional attachment to the ideas and organizations they’ve dedicated themselves to. Anything short of meeting their obligations with good, hard work fails their own expectations.!
Good Practical Skills – The best part is, DEFENDERs have the practical sense to actually do something with all this altruism. If mundane, routine tasks are what need to be done, DEFENDERs can see the beauty and harmony that they create, because they know that it helps them to care for their friends, family, and anyone else who needs it.!
DEFENDER Weaknesses:
Humble and Shy – The meek shall inherit the earth, but it’s a long road if they receive no recognition at all. This is possibly DEFENDERs’ biggest challenge, as they are so concerned with others’ feelings that they refuse to make their thoughts known, or to take any duly earned credit for their contributions. DEFENDERs’ standards for themselves are also so high that, knowing they could have done some minor aspect of a task better, they often downplay their successes entirely.!
Take Things Too Personally – DEFENDERs have trouble separating personal and impersonal situations – any situation is still an interaction between two people, after all – and any negativity from conflict or criticism can carry over from their professional to their personal lives, and back again.!
Repress Their Feelings – People with the DEFENDER personality type are private and very sensitive, internalizing their feelings a great deal. Much in the way that DEFENDERs protect others’ feelings, they must protect their own, and this lack of healthy emotional expression can lead to a lot of stress and frustration.!
Overload Themselves – Their strong senses of duty and perfectionism combine with this aversion to emotional conflict to create a situation where it is far too easy for DEFENDERs to overload themselves – or to be overloaded by others – as they struggle silently to meet everyone’s expectations, especially their own.!
Reluctant to Change – These challenges can be particularly hard to address since DEFENDER personalities value traditions and history highly in their decisions. A situation sometimes needs to reach a breaking point before DEFENDERs are persuaded by circumstance, or the strong personality of a loved one, to alter course.!
Too Altruistic – This is all compounded and reinforced by DEFENDERs’ otherwise wonderful quality of altruism. Being such warm, good-natured people, DEFENDERs are willing to let things slide, to believe that things will get better soon, to not burden others by accepting their offers of help, while their troubles mount unassisted.!
DEFENDER RELATIONSHIPS:
DEFENDER romantic relationships:
When it comes to romantic relationships, DEFENDERs’ kindness grows into a joy that is only found in taking care of their family and home, in being there for emotional and practical support whenever it’s needed. Home is where the heart is for people with the DEFENDER personality type, and in no other area of their lives do they strive with such dedication to create the harmony and beauty they wish to see in the world.!

The trouble is, these are the benefits of an established long-term relationship, and DEFENDERs’ unbearable shyness means it can take a long time to reach this point. DEFENDERs are most attractive when they are simply being themselves in a comfortable environment such as work, where their natural flow shows this kindness and dedication. Relationships built on established familiarity are a warm prospect for DEFENDERs – they take dating seriously and only enter into relationships that have a real chance of lasting a lifetime.
Our Upward Course Is Due to Our Soundness of Heart!
DEFENDERs are trustworthy, loyal, loving and faithful and nothing brings them more joy than the commitment of an appreciative and thriving relationship. The best matches are those who share these sensibilities, namely those who share the Observant (S) trait, with one or two opposing traits to ensure that both partners have room to grow, develop and help each other along, ’til the end of their days.!
DEFENDER FRIENDS:
Given how generous DEFENDERs are with their warm praise and support, it’s not surprising that others enjoy their company enough to call them friends. The challenge is to be considered a friend back – people with the DEFENDER personality type are shy and a little protective of themselves, but they also need to be able to connect on a deeper emotional level. It makes sense then that most of DEFENDERs’ friends are made not by random encounters on a wild night out, but through comfortable and consistent contact, as in class or in the workplace where they have the time to get to know each other little by little.
A lot of what establishes and deepens DEFENDERs’ friendships is the mutual support, advice and reassurance that the friends give each other.!
People with the DEFENDER personality type aren’t particularly picky about what personality types they make friends with, at least not initially, but because they prefer so strongly to avoid conflict and miscommunication, most of their friends end up being fairly similar types – fellow Introverted and Extraverted Feeling Sentinels (DEFENDER and ESFJ). Thinking types are simply too critical, and Prospecting types too unreliable to really be able to provide, and receive, the kind of support and affinity DEFENDERs look for.!

famous personalities like you:bQUEEN ELIZABETH II,SELENA GOLMEZ.!