::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::THE EXECUTIVE:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Good order is the foundation of all things.
EXECUTIVEs are representatives of tradition and order, utilizing their understanding of what is right, wrong and socially acceptable to bring families and communities together. Embracing the values of honesty, dedication and dignity, people with the EXECUTIVE personality type are valued for their clear advice and guidance, and they happily lead the way on difficult paths. Taking pride in bringing people together, EXECUTIVEs often take on roles as community organizers, working hard to bring everyone together in celebration of cherished local events, or in defense of the traditional values that hold families and communities together.!
EXECUTIVE personality
Anyone Worth Their Salt Sticks Up for What They Believe Is Right...
Demand for such leadership is high in democratic societies, and forming no less than 11% of the population, it’s no wonder that many of America’s presidents have been EXECUTIVEs. Strong believers in the rule of law and authority that must be earned, EXECUTIVE personalities lead by example, demonstrating dedication and purposeful honesty, and an utter rejection of laziness and cheating, especially in work. If anyone declares hard, manual work to be an excellent way to build character, it is EXECUTIVEs.!
The main challenge for EXECUTIVEs is to recognize that not everyone follows the same path or contributes in the same way. A true leader recognizes the strength of the individual, as well as that of the group, and helps bring those individuals’ ideas to the table. That way, EXECUTIVEs really do have all the facts, and are able to lead the charge in directions that work for everyone.!
CAREERS THAT BEST SUITS YOU:
EXECUTIVE CAREERS
EXECUTIVEs’ career paths are often as clear and straightforward as they are themselves. Though there are many directions they can choose to go, people with the EXECUTIVE personality type almost always end up in situations where they have the opportunity to exercise their affinity for organization, structure, and follow-through. Providing further focus, EXECUTIVEs share a profound respect for tradition, stability and security, qualities which lend themselves well to progressing along clear paths to increased responsibility and dependability.!
EXECUTIVEs’ sense of loyalty results in them staying with a single employer as long as possible, and their reverence for established institutions often leads to work with well-respected organizations. Law enforcement, military service, hospitals and prominent legal firms are all able to recognize EXECUTIVEs’ long years of service.
EXECUTIVEs are the image of the model citizen, and they strive to maintain this ideal throughout their careers. This helps them move forward into management as well – people with this personality type have many traits inherent to leadership, something that is often recognized regardless of their chosen industry. From the genuine enjoyment EXECUTIVEs feel in organizing other people to their knack for clearly expressing their principles, values and expectations, EXECUTIVEs are extremely effective managers.!
Also fearsome leaders, EXECUTIVEs loathe disorganization, ineptitude, laziness and especially dishonesty, and when these values are crossed, EXECUTIVE personalities do not hesitate to let their disapproval show. So long as everyone plays by the rules, EXECUTIVEs are incredibly efficient, their love of structure and thoroughness leaving a record of accurate, complete work that is on time and on budget. EXECUTIVEs are natural auditors, financial officers and business administrators, and any such and similar roles are excellent choices for them.!
EXECUTIVE STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES
EXECUTIVE strengths
Dedicated – Seeing things to completion borders on an ethical obligation for EXECUTIVEs. Tasks aren’t simply abandoned because they’ve become difficult or boring – people with the EXECUTIVE personality type take them up when they are the right thing to do, and they will be finished so long as they remain the right thing to do.
Strong-willed – A strong will makes this dedication possible, and EXECUTIVEs don’t give up their beliefs because of simple opposition. EXECUTIVEs defend their ideas and principles relentlessly, and must be proven clearly and conclusively wrong for their stance to budge.!
Direct and Honest – EXECUTIVEs trust facts far more than abstract ideas or opinions. Straightforward statements and information are king, and EXECUTIVE personalities return the honesty (whether it’s wanted or not).
Loyal, Patient and Reliable – EXECUTIVEs work to exemplify truthfulness and reliability, considering stability and security very important. When EXECUTIVEs say they’ll do something, they keep their word, making them very responsible members of their families, companies and communities.
Enjoy Creating Order – Chaos makes things unpredictable, and unpredictable things can’t be trusted when they are needed most – with this in mind, EXECUTIVEs strive to create order and security in their environments by establishing rules, structures and clear roles.!
Excellent Organizers – This commitment to truth and clear standards makes EXECUTIVEs capable and confident leaders. People with this personality type have no problem distributing tasks and responsibilities to others fairly and objectively, making them excellent administrators.
EXECUTIVE weaknesses
Inflexible and Stubborn – The problem with being so fixated on what works is that EXECUTIVEs too often dismiss what might work better. Everything is opinion until proven, and EXECUTIVE personalities are reluctant to trust an opinion long enough for it to have that chance.
Uncomfortable with Unconventional Situations – EXECUTIVEs are strong adherents to tradition and when suddenly forced to try unvetted solutions, they become uncomfortable and stressed. New ideas suggest that their methods weren’t good enough, and abandoning what has always worked before in favor of something that may yet fail risks their image of reliability.!
Judgmental – EXECUTIVEs have strong convictions about what is right, wrong, and socially acceptable. EXECUTIVEs’ compulsion to create order often extends to all things and everyone, ignoring the possibility that there are two right ways to get things done. EXECUTIVEs do not hesitate to let these "deviants" know what they think, considering it their duty to set things right.
Too Focused on Social Status – EXECUTIVEs take pride in the respect of their friends, colleagues and community and while difficult to admit, are very concerned with public opinion. EXECUTIVEs (especially Turbulent ones) can get so caught up in meeting others’ expectations that they fail to address their own needs!.
Difficult to Relax – This need for respect fosters a need to maintain their dignity, which can make it difficult to cut loose and relax for risk of looking the fool, even in good fun.
Difficulty Expressing Emotion – This is all evidence of EXECUTIVEs’ greatest weakness: expressing emotions and feeling empathy. People with the EXECUTIVE personality type get so caught up in the facts and most effective methods that they forget to think of what makes others happy, or of their sensitivity. A detour can be breathtakingly beautiful, a joy for the family, but EXECUTIVEs may only see the consequence of arriving at their destination an hour late, hurting their loved ones by rejecting the notion too harshly.!
EXECUTIVE RELATIONSHIPS
EXECUTIVEs are fairly unique in that their relationships don’t really change as they progress from the dating phase into more steady, long-term relationships and further into marriage. Because they value honesty and straightforwardness so highly, people with the EXECUTIVE personality type are likely to be clear about who they are, what they’re like and what their goals are from the start, and to stick to those statements long-term. So long as their partner is able to take them at their word and follow suit, they are bound to be extremely stable relationships.!
This isn’t to say that there isn’t any growth of course – character development is always a high priority for EXECUTIVEs, and each life goal is important. Rather, it’s that shifting moods, goals and desires are unlikely to fundamentally alter the basis of EXECUTIVEs’ relationships.
There are certainly challenges, but EXECUTIVEs take their relationships seriously and are willing to put a tremendous amount of effort into ensuring that they remain strong and committed, and that effort pays off.
This may all sound a little stale, and indeed EXECUTIVEs are not spontaneous or unpredictable people, but they do very much enjoy taking their partners out and having fun. Social events and activities are EXECUTIVEs’ idea of a good time, and while they may rely on familiar people and places, they do bring lots of energy and enthusiasm, which helps keep things interesting.!
EXECUTIVEs approach intimacy with similarly physical, active intentions, and from fairly traditional ones as well. Wild ideas and poetry are for less mature personalities, or so EXECUTIVEs might say, though they do appreciate recognition and well-placed compliments to maintain high self-esteem. They may look for more stability in their sex lives than most, but EXECUTIVEs never fail to bring their characteristic vigor.
EXECUTIVEs are people of strong principles and strong self-confidence. They use these qualities to protect their partners with admirable consistency. But people with the EXECUTIVE personality type are also stubborn, with a firm belief in their rightness, and they can quickly damage more sensitive partners’ fragile feelings. With this in mind, it is often best for EXECUTIVEs to find fellow Observant (S) partners in order to minimize communication barriers, with one or two opposing traits to balance their forceful character and provide opportunities for growth.!
EXECUTIVE FRIENDS
EXECUTIVEs are strong, traditional friends who appreciate loyalty and shared values. Friendships with the EXECUTIVE personality type are often defined by their mutual activities and routines, by external factors, more so than the sense of intellectual or mystical compatibility that many Analysts and Diplomats share among themselves. But this in no way diminishes the relationships – EXECUTIVEs’ friendships of dependability and mutual interest can be powerful connections that endure life’s changes 
Among their established friends, EXECUTIVEs show themselves to be outgoing and enthusiastic, always more than happy to bring others along for some healthy sport and outdoor activity. EXECUTIVEs sometimes get a little overbearing in their push for participation, but it’s just because they want everyone to have a good time. !
EXECUTIVEs seek strong friendships founded on trust and loyalty (though loyalty to family does come first). Active and with quick minds, people with the EXECUTIVE personality type can’t ever be accused of not doing enough to fend off a little boredom. While EXECUTIVEs may not always be the life of the party, they know how to play 
...The Fun Is in Having Lots to Do and Not Doing It!
EXECUTIVEs’ challenge in friendship isn’t about finding fun things to do or people to do them with, but in finding diversity in their friends and activities. For all their community participation, EXECUTIVEs struggle immensely in even fully listening to differing opinions, let alone befriending people who consistently express alternate viewpoints. Whether about local political issues or the validity of a more emotional, idealistic disposition than they think is reasonable, EXECUTIVEs should make an effort to truly understand these alternate viewpoints.!
