
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::LOGICIAN:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The LOGICIAN personality type is fairly rare, making up only three percent of the population, which is definitely a good thing for them, as there’s nothing they’d be more unhappy about than being "common". LOGICIANs pride themselves on their inventiveness and creativity, their unique perspective and vigorous intellect. Usually known as the philosopher, the architect, or the dreamy professor, LOGICIANs have been responsible for many scientific discoveries throughout history.!
The Unexamined Life Is Not Worth Living
LOGICIANs are known for their brilliant theories and unrelenting logic – in fact, they are considered the most logically precise of all the personality types.They love patterns, and spotting discrepancies between statements could almost be described as a hobby, making it a bad idea to lie to an LOGICIAN. This makes it ironic that LOGICIANs’ word should always be taken with a grain of salt – it’s not that they are dishonest, but people with the LOGICIAN personality type tend to share thoughts that are not fully developed, using others as a sounding board for ideas and theories in a debate against themselves rather than as actual conversation partners.!
This may make them appear unreliable, but in reality no one is more enthusiastic and capable of spotting a problem, drilling through the endless factors and details that encompass the issue and developing a unique and viable solution than LOGICIANs – just don’t expect punctual progress reports. People who share the LOGICIAN personality type aren’t interested in practical, day-to-day activities and maintenance, but when they find an environment where their creative genius and potential can be expressed, there is no limit to the time and energy LOGICIANs will expend in developing an insightful and unbiased solution.!
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
THE CAREERS THAT SUITS YOU BEST:
CAREER PATH
LOGICIANs are solitary, eccentric, and independent – none of which is listed as desirable for corporate positions, which are usually designed for very different personality types. LOGICIANs duly struggle in finding careers that meet their needs, but what they do bring, qualities in much higher demand, are creativity, a passion for theoretical methods and ideas, and an entrepreneurial, innovative spirit. If they are able to put this better foot forward to secure a position in a suitable line of work, people with the LOGICIAN personality type will find that, whatever the job listing says, these "less desirable" qualities will prove an asset after all.!
Chief among LOGICIANs’ interests is exploring and building models for underlying principles and ideas, even going so far as to find these concepts, in their own way, beautiful – this makes them natural mathematicians, systems analysts, and career scientists, especially in more abstract fields such as physics. There are many other careers that allow LOGICIANs to explore these interests, but many of them are far too rooted in uninteresting practical applications. As useful as it is to develop a better vacuum cleaner, it is no Large Hadron Collider.!
For this reason, the flatter the workplace hierarchy, the better, making small, technical workplaces and fields such as law, forensics, and laboratory research very desirable for LOGICIANs. Insightful and open-minded managers who can accommodate these needs will find their LOGICIAN subordinates to be a tireless generator of brilliant and unique ideas. However, many people with the LOGICIAN personality type may do away with the immediate hierarchy altogether, opting instead to provide their services on a freelance basis as consultants.!
Work as business analysts and corporate strategists is well suited to LOGICIANs, but they can also move things forward as data analysts, mechanical, electrical and software engineers, and even as technical writers and journalists, provided the field is interesting enough. If they can smile and shake hands just long enough to establish themselves as the brilliant innovators that they are, people with the LOGICIAN personality type will find that whatever the expectations for social conduct, it is the qualities unique to them that are truly in demand.!
STRENGHTS AND WEAKNESS
STRENGHTS
Great Analysts and Abstract Thinkers – People with the LOGICIAN personality type view the world as a big, complex machine, and recognize that as with any machine, all parts are interrelated. LOGICIANs excel in analyzing these connections, seeing how seemingly unrelated factors tie in with each other in ways that bewilder most other personality types.!
Imaginative and Original – These connections are the product of an unrelenting imagination – LOGICIANs’ ideas may seem counter-intuitive at a glance, and may never even see the light of day, but they will always prove remarkable innovations.
Open-Minded – LOGICIANs couldn’t make these connections if they thought they knew it all – they are highly receptive to alternate theories, so long as they’re supported by logic and facts. In more subjective matters like social norms and traditions, LOGICIANs are usually fairly liberal, with a "none of my business" sort of attitude – peoples’ ideas are what matter.!
Enthusiastic – When a new idea piques their interest, LOGICIANs can be very enthusiastic – they are a reserved personality type, but if another person shares an interest, they can be downright excited about discussing it. More likely though, the only outward evidence of this enthusiasm will be LOGICIANs’ silent pacing or their staring into the distance.
Objective – LOGICIANs’ analysis, creativity and open-mindedness aren’t the tools of some quest for ideology or emotional validation. Rather, it’s as though people with the LOGICIAN personality type are a conduit for the truths around them, so far as they can be expressed, and they are proud of this role as theoretical mediator.
Honest and Straightforward – To know one thing and say another would be terribly disingenuous – LOGICIANs don’t often go around intentionally hurting feelings, but they believe that the truth is the most important factor, and they expect that to be appreciated and reciprocated.!
WEAKNESS
Very Private and Withdrawn – While LOGICIANs’ intellectualism yields many insights into their surroundings, their surroundings are ironically considered an intrusion on their thoughts. This is especially true with people – LOGICIANs are quite shy in social settings. More complicated situations such as parties exacerbate this, but even close friends struggle to get into LOGICIANs’ hearts and minds.
Insensitive – Oftentimes LOGICIAN personalities get so caught up in their logic that they forget any kind of emotional consideration – they dismiss subjectivity as irrational and tradition as an attempt to bar much-needed progress. Purely emotional situations are often utterly puzzling to LOGICIANs, and their lack of timely sympathy can easily offend.!
Absent-minded – When LOGICIANs’ interest is captured, their absence goes beyond social matters to include the rest of the physical world. LOGICIANs become forgetful, missing even the obvious if it’s unrelated to their current infatuation, and they can even forget their own health, skipping meals and sleep as they muse.!
Condescending – Attempts at connecting with others are often worse than LOGICIANs’ withdrawal. People with the LOGICIAN personality type take pride in their knowledge and rationale, and enjoy sharing their ideas, but in trying to explain how they got from A to B to Z, they can get frustrated, sometimes simplifying things to the point of insult as they struggle to gauge their conversation partners’ perspective. The ultimate insult comes as LOGICIANs give up with a dismissive "never mind".
Loathe Rules and Guidelines – These social struggles are partly a product of LOGICIANs’ desire to bypass the rules, of social conduct and otherwise. While this attitude helps LOGICIANs’ strength of unconventional creativity, it also causes them to reinvent the wheel constantly and to shun security in favor of autonomy in ways that can compromise both.!
Second-Guess Themselves – LOGICIANs remain so open to new information that they often never commit to a decision at all. This applies to their own skills as well – LOGICIAN personalities know that as they practice, they improve, and any work they do is second-best to what they could do. Unable to settle for this, LOGICIANs sometimes delay their output indefinitely with constant revisions, sometimes even quitting before they ever begin.!
RELATIONSHIPS
When it comes to romantic relationships, LOGICIANs have an interesting mixture of traits that often pleasantly surprise their partners. People with this personality type are always full of ideas, but they have few opportunities to explore their more romantic notions. As with any of their theories, LOGICIANs love sharing with others, and in finally meeting someone where romantic thoughts are appropriate, they show themselves to be excited, enthusiastic, and even playful, flirting with word-play and intellectual games.!
None of this is to say that these relationships come easily to LOGICIANs – they are shy and withdrawn individuals, and getting out and meeting new people, risking rejection and making themselves the center of attention in emotionally delicate situations are far from being their strengths. It is more likely that LOGICIAN personalities will leave a trail of breadcrumbs for a potential partner, allowing them to make the first move and committing to their partner as an act of reciprocation rather than bravado.!All this material asceticism and conflict avoidance support one primary goal – to free up mental resources for more important things. LOGICIANs’ creative, vivid imagination make for a surprisingly enthusiastic, passionate, and romantic partner. While LOGICIANs may prioritize their inner world too much, imagining interesting and exciting intimate situations that are never expressed to their partners, they also use this rich inner world to achieve as much as possible in intimacy – they rarely want for ideas.!
LOGICIAN FRIENDS
Many of the usual motivations for making friends – emotional support, social validation, shared routine – simply don’t apply to LOGICIANs. More likely, these concepts are met with disdain, as people with the LOGICIAN personality type prize intellectual depth above all else. It is not easy to become good friends with LOGICIANs, but if there is a common interest and a common train of thought, the connection is likely to spark instantly, surprising everyone else who thought they had this distant personality type pegged.!
Be Slow to Fall Into Friendship...
LOGICIAN friendships are knowledge-based, defined by the exchange of ideas, theories, and concepts, and those who aren’t able to keep up with this, or who have sharply differing tastes (don’t talk to LOGICIANs about celebrities) will find stony faces that border on rude. To LOGICIANs, communication is often more of a nuisance than a pleasure, and conversation is reserved for topics that they find meaningful, or for people they already like enough to stick it out.!
Other Analyst types are a natural fit for LOGICIANs, who share their passion for new ideas, riddles and solutions. People with the LOGICIAN personality type are knowledgeable and intelligent, and have a great deal of respect for those who can keep them on their toes in this regard. They will gladly help to tackle any dilemma thrown their way, offering up sound advice and rational solutions. As valuable as these qualities are though, they are not always the best approach – when it comes to emotional support or advice in dealing with matters of the heart, LOGICIANs are at a loss.!
Physically, intellectually and with a little effort emotionally, LOGICIAN relationships are rich and rewarding connections. Partners who share the Intuitive (N) trait are usually best, along with one or two opposite traits to create variety and balance, but so long as LOGICIANs remember that they are with people who have their own, independent wants and needs, and so long as their partners remember the same of their LOGICIANs, these are long-lasting and satisfying relationships.!
famous personalities like you:bill gates,einstein.!