 1) You find it difficult to introduce yourself to other people.
2) You often get so lost in thoughts that you ignore or forget your surroundings.
3) You try to respond to your e-mails as soon as possible and cannot stand a messy inbox.
4) You find it easy to stay relaxed even when there is some pressure.
5) You do not usually initiate conversations.
6) You rarely do something just out of sheer curiosity.
7) You feel superior to other people.
8) Being organized is more important to you than being adaptable.
9) You are usually highly motivated and energetic.
10) Winning a debate matters less to you than making sure no one gets upset.
11) You often feel as if you have to justify yourself to other people.
12) You consider yourself more practical than creative.
13) People can rarely upset you.
14) It is often difficult for you to relate to other people’s feelings.
15) Your mood can change very quickly.
16) You are often envious of others.
17) An interesting book or a video game is often better than a social event.
18) You rarely get carried away by fantasies and ideas.
19) As a parent, you would rather see your child grow up kind than smart.
20) You do not let other people influence your actions.
21) When you sleep,your dreams tend to focus on the real world and its events.
22) It does not take you much time to start getting involved in social activities at your new workplace.
23) Your emotions control you more than you control them.
24) You are a relatively reserved and quiet person.
25) If you had a business, you would find it very difficult to fire loyal but underperforming employees.
26) You often contemplate the reasons for human existence.
27) Keeping your options open is more important than having a to-do list.
28) If your friend is sad about something, you are more likely to offer emotional support than suggest ways to deal with the problem.
29) You rarely feel insecure.
30) Being right is more important than being cooperative when it comes to teamwork.
31) You think that everyone’s views should be respected regardless of whether they are supported by facts or not.
32) You have always been interested in unconventional and ambiguous things, say, in books, art, or movies.
33) You believe that it is more rewarding to be liked by others than to be powerful.
34) If the room is full, you stay closer to the walls, avoiding the center.
35) Generally speaking, you rely more on your experience than your imagination.
36) You worry too much about what other people think.
37) You would not call yourself a dreamer.
38) You see yourself as very emotionally stable.