:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::THE PROTAGONIST::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Everything you do right now ripples outward and affects everyone. Your posture can shine your heart or transmit anxiety. Your breath can radiate love or muddy the room in depression. Your glance can awaken joy. Your words can inspire freedom. Your every act can open hearts and minds.
PROTAGONIST personality
Firm Believers in the People!
People are drawn to strong personalities, and PROTAGONISTs radiate authenticity, concern and altruism, unafraid to stand up and speak when they feel something needs to be said. They find it natural and easy to communicate with others, especially in person, and their Intuitive (N) trait helps people with the PROTAGONIST personality type to reach every mind, be it through facts and logic or raw emotion. PROTAGONISTs easily see people’s motivations and seemingly disconnected events, and are able to bring these ideas together and communicate them as a common goal with an eloquence that is nothing short of mesmerizing!
People with the PROTAGONIST personality type are passionate altruists, sometimes even to a fault, and they are unlikely to be afraid to take the slings and arrows while standing up for the people and ideas they believe in. It is no wonder that many famous PROTAGONISTs are US Presidents – this personality type wants to lead the way to a brighter future, whether it’s by leading a nation to prosperity, or leading their little league softball team to a hard-fought victory.!
CAREER PATHS THAT SUITS YOU BEST:
PROTAGONIST CAREERS
When it comes to finding a career, people with the PROTAGONIST personality type cast their eyes towards anything that lets them do what they love most – helping other people! Lucky for them, people like being helped, and are even willing to pay for it, which means that PROTAGONISTs are rarely wanting for inspiration and opportunity in their search for meaningful work.!
PROTAGONISTs take a genuine interest in other people, approaching them with warm sociability and a helpful earnestness that rarely goes unnoticed. Altruistic careers like social and religious work, teaching, counseling, and advising of all sorts are popular avenues, giving people with the PROTAGONIST personality type a chance to help others learn, grow, and become more independent. This attitude, alongside their social skills, emotional intelligence and tendency to be “that person who knows everybody”, can be adapted to quite a range of other careers as well, making PROTAGONISTs natural HR administrators, event coordinators, and politicians – anything that helps a community or organization to operate more smoothly.!
To top it all off, PROTAGONISTs are able to express themselves both creatively and honestly, allowing them to approach positions as sales representatives and advertising consultants from a certain idealistic perspective, intuitively picking up on the needs and wants of their customers, and working to make them happierHaving a preference for Intuition (N) over Observation (S) also means that careers demanding exceptional situational awareness, such as law enforcement, military service, and emergency response, will cause PROTAGONISTs to burn out quickly. While great at organizing willing parties and winning over skeptics, in dangerous situations PROTAGONISTs just won’t be able to maintain the sort of focus on their immediate physical surroundings that they inevitably demand of themselves hour after hour, day after day.!
Always Bear in Mind That Your Own Resolution to Succeed Is More Important Than Any Other
It makes a great deal more sense for PROTAGONISTs to be the force keeping these vital services organized and running well, taking their long-term views, people skills and idealism, and using them to shape the situation on the ground, while more physical personality types manage the moment-to-moment crises. !
PROTAGONIST STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES
PROTAGONIST strengths
Tolerant – PROTAGONISTs are true team players, and they recognize that that means listening to other peoples’ opinions, even when they contradict their own. They admit they don’t have all the answers, and are often receptive to dissent, so long as it remains constructive.
Reliable – The one thing that galls PROTAGONISTs the most is the idea of letting down a person or cause they believe in. If it’s possible, PROTAGONISTs can always be counted on to see it through.!
Charismatic – Charm and popularity are qualities PROTAGONISTs have in spades. They instinctively know how to capture an audience, and pick up on mood and motivation in ways that allow them to communicate with reason, emotion, passion, restraint – whatever the situation calls for. Talented imitators, PROTAGONISTs are able to shift their tone and manner to reflect the needs of the audience, while still maintaining their own voice.
Altruistic – Uniting these qualities is PROTAGONISTs’ unyielding desire to do good in and for their communities, be it in their own home or the global stage. Warm and selfless, PROTAGONISTs genuinely believe that if they can just bring people together, they can do a world of good.!
Natural Leaders – More than seeking authority themselves, PROTAGONISTs often end up in leadership roles at the request of others, cheered on by the many admirers of their strong personality and positive vision.
PROTAGONIST weaknesses
Overly Idealistic – People with the PROTAGONIST personality type can be caught off guard as they find that, through circumstance or nature, or simple misunderstanding, people fight against them and defy the principles they’ve adopted, however well-intentioned they may be. They are more likely to feel pity for this opposition than anger, and can earn a reputation of naïveté.!
Too Selfless – PROTAGONISTs can bury themselves in their hopeful promises, feeling others’ problems as their own and striving hard to meet their word. If they aren’t careful, they can spread themselves too thin, and be left unable to help anyone.
Too Sensitive – While receptive to criticism, seeing it as a tool for leading a better team, it’s easy for PROTAGONISTs to take it a little too much to heart. Their sensitivity to others means that PROTAGONISTs sometimes feel problems that aren’t their own and try to fix things they can’t fix, worrying if they are doing enough.!
Fluctuating Self-Esteem – PROTAGONISTs define their self-esteem by whether they are able to live up to their ideals, and sometimes ask for criticism more out of insecurity than out of confidence, always wondering what they could do better. If they fail to meet a goal or to help someone they said they’d help, their self-confidence will undoubtedly plummet.
Struggle to Make Tough Decisions – If caught between a rock and a hard place, PROTAGONISTs can be stricken with paralysis, imagining all the consequences of their actions, especially if those consequences are humanitarian.!
PROTAGONIST RELATIONSHIPS
People who share the PROTAGONIST personality type feel most at home when they are in a relationship, and few types are more eager to establish a loving commitment with their chosen partners. PROTAGONISTs take dating and relationships seriously, selecting partners with an eye towards the long haul, rather than the more casual approach that might be expected from some Explorer personality types. !
Even in the dating phase, people with the PROTAGONIST personality type are ready to show their commitment by taking the time and effort to establish themselves as dependable, trustworthy partners.
PROTAGONISTs don’t need much to be happy, just to know that their partner is happy, and for their partner to express that happiness through visible affection. Making others’ goals come to fruition is often the chiefest concern of PROTAGONISTs, and they will spare no effort in helping their partner to live the dream. If they aren’t careful though, PROTAGONISTs’ quest for their partners’ satisfaction can leave them neglecting their own needs, and it’s important for them to remember to express those needs on occasion, especially early on.!
You Cannot Escape the Responsibility of Tomorrow by Evading It Today
PROTAGONISTs’ tendency to avoid any kind of conflict, sometimes even sacrificing their own principles to keep the peace, can lead to long-term problems if these efforts never fully resolve the underlying issues that they mask. On the other hand, people with the PROTAGONIST personality type can sometimes be too preemptive in resolving their conflicts, asking for criticisms and suggestions in ways that convey neediness or insecurity. PROTAGONISTs invest their emotions wholly in their relationships, and are sometimes so eager to please that it actually undermines the relationship – this can lead to resentment, and even the failure of the relationship. When this happens, PROTAGONISTs experience strong senses of guilt and betrayal, as they see all their efforts slip away.!
PROTAGONIST FRIENDS
When it comes to friendships, PROTAGONISTs are anything but passive. While some personality types may accept the circumstantial highs and lows of friendship, their feelings waxing and waning with the times.!People with the PROTAGONIST personality type take genuine pleasure in getting to know other people, and have no trouble talking with people of all types and modes of thought. Even in disagreement, other perspectives are fascinating to PROTAGONISTs – though like most people, they connect best with individuals who share their principles and ideals, and Diplomats and Analysts are best able to explore PROTAGONISTs’ viewpoints with them, which are simply too idealistic for most. It is with these closest friends that PROTAGONISTs will truly open up, keeping their many other connections in a realm of lighthearted but genuine support and encouragement.!
Others truly value their PROTAGONIST friends, appreciating the warmth, kindness, and sincere optimism and cheer they bring to the table. PROTAGONISTs want to be the best friends possible, and it shows in how they work to find out not just the superficial interests of their friends, but their strengths, passions, hopes and dreams. !
Ultimately though, PROTAGONISTs will find that their excitement and unyielding optimism will yield them many satisfying relationships with people who appreciate and share their vision and authenticity. The joy PROTAGONISTs take in moving things forward means that there is always a sense of purpose behind their friendships, creating bonds that are not easily shaken.!
famous personalities like you:BARACK OBAMA,JENIFFER LAWRENCE.!